README.md, before:

WebMoney plugin for PHP merchant library
========================================

[WebMoney](http://webmoney.ru/) plugin for [PHP merchant library](https://github.com/hiqdev/php-merchant).

[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/hiqdev/php-merchant-webmoney/v/stable)](//packagist.org/packages/hiqdev/php-merchant-webmoney)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/hiqdev/php-merchant-webmoney/downloads)](//packagist.org/packages/hiqdev/php-merchant-webmoney)
[![Dependency Status](https://www.versioneye.com/php/hiqdev:php-merchant-webmoney/dev-master/badge.svg)](https://www.versioneye.com/php/hiqdev:php-merchant-webmoney/dev-master)

## Installation

The preferred way to install this library is through [composer](http://getcomposer.org/download/).

Either run

```
php composer.phar require "hiqdev/php-merchant-webmoney"
```

or add

```json
"hiqdev/php-merchant-webmoney": "*"
```

to the require section of your composer.json.

## License

This project is released under the terms of the BSD-3-Clause [license](https://github.com/hiqdev/php-merchant-webmoney/blob/master/LICENSE).
Read more [here](http://choosealicense.com/licenses/bsd-3-clause).

Copyright © 2015, HiQDev (http://hiqdev.com/)

Commit message:

redoing to unified-omnipay-webmoney

README.md, after:

WebMoney driver for the Unified Omnipay PHP payment processing library
======================================================================

[WebMoney](http://webmoney.ru/) driver for the [Unified](https://github.com/hiqdev/unified-omnipay)
[Omnipay](http://omnipay.thephpleague.com/) PHP payment processing library.

[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/hiqdev/unified-omnipay-webmoney/v/stable)](//packagist.org/packages/hiqdev/unified-omnipay-webmoney)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/hiqdev/unified-omnipay-webmoney/downloads)](//packagist.org/packages/hiqdev/unified-omnipay-webmoney)
[![Dependency Status](https://www.versioneye.com/php/hiqdev:unified-omnipay-webmoney/dev-master/badge.svg)](https://www.versioneye.com/php/hiqdev:unified-omnipay-webmoney/dev-master)

## Installation

The preferred way to install this library is through [composer](http://getcomposer.org/download/).

Either run

```
php composer.phar require "hiqdev/unified-omnipay-webmoney"
```

or add

```json
"hiqdev/unified-omnipay-webmoney": "*"
```

to the require section of your composer.json.

## License

This project is released under the terms of the BSD-3-Clause [license](https://github.com/hiqdev/unified-omnipay-webmoney/blob/master/LICENSE).
Read more [here](http://choosealicense.com/licenses/bsd-3-clause).

Copyright © 2015, HiQDev (http://hiqdev.com/)
